API changes based on AzConfig API review from board (#5978)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration/README.md

```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

> ### Default HTTP client

Reviewer: Keep the original casing

```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

> ### Configuring HTTP clients

Reviewer: keep the original casing

Alternatively, get the connection string from the Azure Portal.

> #### Create a configuration client

Reviewer: I would revert all of these casing changes and go back to "Create a Configuration Client"

        .connectionString(appConfigConnectionString)
        .buildAsyncClient();

client.listConfigurationSettings(new SettingSelection().label(periodicUpdateLabel))
    .subscribe(setting -> updateConfiguration(setting));
```

## Examples

The following sections provide several code snippets covering some of the most common Configuration Service tasks, including:

> - [Create a Configuration Setting][sample_hello_world]

Reviewer 2: These should be sentence cased.
https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2696

- [Retrieve a Configuration Setting][sample_hello_world]
- [Update an existing Configuration Setting][sample_hello_world]
- [Delete a Configuration Setting][sample_hello_world]
- [List Configuration Settings with Multiple Keys][sample_list_configuration_settings]
- [List Revisions of Multiple Configuration Settings][sample_read_revision_history]
- [Set a Configuration Setting to Read Only][sample_read_only]
- [Clear Read Only from a Configuration Setting][sample_read_only]
- [Conditional Request][sample_conditional_request]

> ### Create a Configuration Client

Reviewer 2: nit: add a blank line above

Create a configuration client by using ConfigurationClientBuilder by passing connection string.
```Java
ConfigurationClient client = new ConfigurationClientBuilder()
        .connectionString(connectionString)
        .buildClient();
```

### Create a Configuration Setting

> Create a Configuration Setting to be stored in the Configuration Store. There are two ways to store a Configuration Setting:

Reviewer 2: All these can be "configuration setting". It's not a specific product name.

- addConfigurationSetting creates a setting only if the setting does not already exist in the store.
- setConfigurationSetting creates a setting if it doesn't exist or overrides an existing setting.

```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
```

### Retrieve a Configuration Setting

Retrieve a previously stored Configuration Setting by calling getConfigurationSetting.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting retrievedSetting = client.getConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label");
```

> For coditional request,

Reviewer 2: conditional

```

### Delete a Configuration Setting

Delete an existing Configuration Setting by calling deleteConfigurationSetting.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting deletedSetting = client.deleteConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label");
```
For coditional request,
```Java
Response<ConfigurationSetting> settingResponse = client.deleteConfigurationSettingWithResponse(setting, true, Context.NONE);
```

### List Configuration Settings with Multiple Keys

List multiple configuration settings by calling listConfigurationSettings.
Pass null SettingSelector into the method If you want to fetch all configuration settings.
```Java
String key = "some_key";
String key2 = "new_key";
client.setConfigurationSetting(key, "some_label", "some_value");
client.setConfigurationSetting(key2, "new_label", "new_value");
SettingSelector selector = new SettingSelector().setKeys(key, key2);
PagedIterable<ConfigurationSetting> settings = client.listConfigurationSettings(selector);
```

### List Revisions of Multiple Configuration Settings

> List all revision of a configuration settings by calling listRevisions.

Reviewer 2: When you invoke or are referring to code, I'd suggest using a backtick, so it's apparent to readers. (ie. `listRevisions`)

        .connectionString(appConfigConnectionString)
        .buildAsyncClient();

client.listConfigurationSettings(new SettingSelector().setLabels(periodicUpdateLabel))
    .subscribe(setting -> updateConfiguration(setting));
```

## Examples

The following sections provide several code snippets covering some of the most common configuration service tasks, including:
- [Create a configuration setting][sample_hello_world]

> - [Retrieve a configuration setting][sample_hello_world]

Reviewer 2: Is this what you intended to link to? All these link to the hello_world sample. They appeared to be different anchors before to the actual section below.

Author: hello world example has all these operations.

Reviewer 2: The anchors were there so the user wouldn't have to scroll to the appropriate header for that code snippet.

Reviewer 2: Still has not been resolved.

Author: It should already resolved.

- [Update an existing configuration setting][sample_hello_world]
- [Delete a configuration setting][sample_hello_world]
- [List configuration settings with multiple keys][sample_list_configuration_settings]
- [List revisions of multiple configuration settings][sample_read_revision_history]
- [Set a configuration setting to read only][sample_read_only]
- [Clear read only from a configuration setting][sample_read_only]
- [Conditional request a configuration setting][sample_conditional_request]

> ### Create a Configuration Client

Reviewer 2: Your sentence style casing should also apply to these headers.
Create a configuration client
Create a configuration setting, etc.

- `addConfigurationSetting` creates a setting only if the setting does not already exist in the store.
- `setConfigurationSetting` creates a setting if it doesn't exist or overrides an existing setting.

```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
```

### Retrieve a configuration setting

Retrieve a previously stored configuration setting by calling `getConfigurationSetting`.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting retrievedSetting = client.getConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label");
```
For conditional request,
```Java
Response<ConfigurationSetting> settingResponse = client.getConfigurationSettingWithResponse(setting, null, true, Context.NONE);
```

### Update an existing configuration setting

Update an existing configuration setting by calling `setConfigurationSetting`.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting updatedSetting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "new_value");
```

> For conditional request,

Reviewer 2: What is a conditional request? I think you should add a bit more context here.

Author: updated

```

### Delete a configuration setting

Delete an existing configuration setting by calling `deleteConfigurationSetting`.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting deletedSetting = client.deleteConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label");
```
For conditional request,
```Java
Response<ConfigurationSetting> settingResponse = client.deleteConfigurationSettingWithResponse(setting, true, Context.NONE);
```

### List configuration settings with multiple keys

List multiple configuration settings by calling `listConfigurationSettings`.
Pass null `SettingSelector` into the method If you want to fetch all configuration settings.
```Java
String key = "some_key";
String key2 = "new_key";
client.setConfigurationSetting(key, "some_label", "some_value");
client.setConfigurationSetting(key2, "new_label", "new_value");
SettingSelector selector = new SettingSelector().setKeys(key, key2);
PagedIterable<ConfigurationSetting> settings = client.listConfigurationSettings(selector);
```

### List revisions of multiple configuration settings

> List all revision of a configuration settings by calling `listRevisions`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List all revisions of a configuration setting by calling `listRevisions`. 
```

```Java
String key = "revisionKey";

> String Key2 = "newRevisionKey";

Reviewer 2: ```java
String key2 = "newRevisionKey";
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need key2 in this sample. It's confusing because the name is also called "newRevisionKey"

        .connectionString(appConfigConnectionString)
        .buildAsyncClient();

client.listConfigurationSettings(new SettingSelector().setLabels(periodicUpdateLabel))
    .subscribe(setting -> updateConfiguration(setting));
```

## Examples

The following sections provide several code snippets covering some of the most common configuration service tasks, including:
- [Create a configuration setting][sample_hello_world]
- [Retrieve a configuration setting][sample_hello_world]
- [Update an existing configuration setting][sample_hello_world]
- [Delete a configuration setting][sample_hello_world]
- [List configuration settings with multiple keys][sample_list_configuration_settings]
- [List revisions of multiple configuration settings][sample_read_revision_history]
- [Set a configuration setting to read only][sample_read_only]
- [Clear read only from a configuration setting][sample_read_only]
- [Conditional request a configuration setting][sample_conditional_request]

### Create a configuration client

> Create a configuration client by using `ConfigurationClientBuilder` by passing connection string.

Reviewer 2: nit: empty space above to be consistent with the ones above.

```Java
ConfigurationClient client = new ConfigurationClientBuilder()
        .connectionString(connectionString)
        .buildClient();
```

### Create a configuration setting

Create a configuration setting to be stored in the configuration store. There are two ways to store a configuration setting:
- `addConfigurationSetting` creates a setting only if the setting does not already exist in the store.
- `setConfigurationSetting` creates a setting if it doesn't exist or overrides an existing setting.

```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
```

### Retrieve a configuration setting

Retrieve a previously stored configuration setting by calling `getConfigurationSetting`.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting retrievedSetting = client.getConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label");
```

> For conditional request, if you want to include the ETag value of `ConfigurationSetting` in the HTTP request, 

Reviewer 2: These implementation details aren't useful to an end user (ie. they don't care if a 304 status is returned. That's an implementation detail.)
Suggestion:

```md
If you want to conditionally fetch a configuration setting, set `ifChanged` to true. When `ifChanged` is null, the
configuration setting is only retrieved if it is different than the given `setting`. This is determined by comparing
the ETag of the `setting` to the one in the service to see if they are the same or not. If the ETags are not the same,
it means the configuration setting is different, and its value is retrieved.
```

Reviewer 2: Same with the others below.

set the `ifChanged` parameter to true. If you decided to make a conditional request, the method could return a
response with status code 304 (Which indicates the given configuration in the request is exactly same as in the service) if the configuration setting contains same ETag value as in the service, and response's value will be null.
```Java
Response<ConfigurationSetting> settingResponse = client.getConfigurationSettingWithResponse(setting, null, true, Context.NONE);
```

### Update an existing configuration setting

Update an existing configuration setting by calling `setConfigurationSetting`.
```Java
ConfigurationSetting setting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "some_value");
ConfigurationSetting updatedSetting = client.setConfigurationSetting("some_key", "some_label", "new_value");
```
For conditional request, if you want to include the ETag value of `ConfigurationSetting` in the HTTP request, 
set the `ifUnchanged` parameter to true. The configuration setting will be updated only if the ETag value matched.

> Otherwise, an exception `HttpResponseException` will be thrown. You can find what cause the exception by looking into the response's properties, `getStatusCode`, `getHeaders`, and `getRequest` if it helps.

Reviewer 2: Wait, why is an exception thrown? What exceptions am I expecting?

Author: Oh, I was trying to explain if you can't delete the setting, then there must be an exception thrown automatically. https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration/src/main/java/com/azure/data/appconfiguration/ConfigurationService.java#L52
